[blog]: add missing alt text + update exisiting ones to be more precise. (#664)
gitpod-io/website: src/blog/node-js-development.md

The first time, you will need to sign in Gitpod with your GitHub account. GitHub will ask you to authorize read access to your email address. Write access to repositories can be granted later on [your access control page](https://gitpod.io/access-control/).

![Github Authorize Gitpod Page](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/5692/1*K8cn3G30eQouKmWQb228LQ.png)

Gitpod starts a new workspace, which is a Linux-based cloud container, and provides access to it via a VS Code powered online IDE. Workspaces are started on demand and automatically shut-down if you don’t use them. They are continuously replicated and never deleted, so you always can restart a workspace later from [your Gitpod dashboard](https://gitpod.io/workspaces/).

> ![Gif Showing How to create a new project on Github and then How to open that in Gitpod.](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/1*mXM-VDzzmpXCvlAVvQIjVw.gif)

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to create a new project on GitHub and then open it in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/1*mXM-VDzzmpXCvlAVvQIjVw.gif)
```

In order to run the application, type node app.js into the terminal.

> ![Gif showing How to run a Node application in Gitpod.](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/0*KzrRQ41oARG7XoQB)

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to run a Node.js application in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/0*KzrRQ41oARG7XoQB)
```

Our program should run, and when a breakpoint hits you can inspect call stack, variables and even use the debug console to evaluate expressions.

> ![Gif showing How to debug a Node application in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2612/0*VHUqe81CKwdHq7uK)

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to debug a Node.js application in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2612/0*VHUqe81CKwdHq7uK)
```

### Working with Git

Let’s have a look at how we can share our changes through Git. Open the Git view, stage your changes, enter a commit message and click commit. You can also open a diff editor by clicking on changed files and push new commits to GitHub with Git: Push... command.

> ![Gif showing How to make a commit in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2612/0*FqWgZy08qIkj3qVp)

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to make a commit in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2612/0*FqWgZy08qIkj3qVp)
```

1. Now press enter until the tasks section. Type node app.js. The tasks are automatically started whenever a workspace gets started. You can have multiple tasks and use different lifecycles. Each task will be opened in a separate terminal.

> ![Gif showing how to use gp init to generate the Gitpod config files](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/0*yVXQ8QGJEmCnNQ52)

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to use "gp init" to generate the Gitpod config files](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/0*yVXQ8QGJEmCnNQ52)
```

* after that, the Pull Request view will be updated and you can open a new pull request.

> ![Gif showing How to make a Pr in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*vHysVOgVJaH6-j1t)

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to make a PR in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*vHysVOgVJaH6-j1t)
```

### Reviewing a Pull Request

As I’ve mentioned at the beginning Gitpod treats each GitHub repository as a project. Actually, it is even smarter and can figure out from any GitHub URL which branch should be opened and how.

Let’s go to the pull request page on GitHub and prefix its URL with gitpod.io/#, just like we did initially:

> ![Gif Showing How to open a Gitpod workspace from a PR page on GitHub](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*YXS_V_quV3Lg7Y-X)*Opening a PR with new workspace image can take some time since Gitpod needs to build the image. But it is only rebuilt when changed.*

Reviewer: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/664#discussion_r432810524

```suggestion
![How to open a Gitpod workspace from a PR page on GitHub](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*YXS_V_quV3Lg7Y-X)*Opening a PR with new workspace image can take some time since Gitpod needs to build the image. But it is only rebuilt when changed.*
```

As you can see, Gitpod opens with a branch for your pull request. PR file changes are presented on the left sidebar to review. Our init and command workspace tasks are executed in terminals, Node.js is 10.x now, and Hello World is printed.

While reviewing in Gitpod, you can comment, change the code to address comments, suggest new changes, etc. When you are done, merge your pull request from Gitpod as well.

> ![Gif showing How to review a Pr in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*KIZkXiyQv3aZzsjA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![How to review a PR in Gitpod](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*KIZkXiyQv3aZzsjA)
```

In order to share a running workspace: click on your account avatar, select Share Running Workspace, enable sharing, copy a link and share the copied link with your colleagues.

> ![Gif showing how to share a running Gitpod workspace](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*yp7USviOYhUm_P40)*Both users use exactly the same workspace and see the shared output in terminals.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![How to share a running Gitpod workspace](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*yp7USviOYhUm_P40)*Both users use exactly the same workspace and see the shared output in terminals.*
```

### Showcasing Node.js applications

You can take a complete snapshot (clone) of your workspace, even including your IDE layout, and share it as a link. Think about workspace snapshots like code snippets on JSFiddle. It is useful in the same way: to share reproducible examples on issues, Stack Overflow answers, for tutorials and workshops. But at the same, you share the complete development setup and present it in the appropriate way.

In order to share a workspace snapshot: click on your account avatar, select Share Workspace Snapshot, copy a link and share the copied link where you want.

> ![Gif showing how to share a Gitpod workspace Snapshot](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*-n2I6-4fPuKK70_5)*The [shared workspace snapshot](https://gitpod.io/#snapshot/14dc69f1-0e8c-4a36-b221-0ab16e91326e) preserves not only the development setup but the IDE layout and even selection in the editor.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![How to share a Gitpod workspace Snapshot](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2608/0*-n2I6-4fPuKK70_5)*The [shared workspace snapshot](https://gitpod.io/#snapshot/14dc69f1-0e8c-4a36-b221-0ab16e91326e) preserves not only the development setup but the IDE layout and even selection in the editor.*
```
